029999

Deliver oral presentations with confidence and professionalism using appropriate technologies

Write reports and design images and video artifacts to describe and/or create solutions to contemporary issues relating to IT”

Artifact demonstrating engagement with the IT Industry

Transitioning into higher education. Effective study habits. Identifying authoritative sources, Integrity. Personal motivation;

Story telling and effective written communication including the relevant use of technologies including bibliographic software, authoritative repositories and document generation tools;

Visual story telling and the effective design and use of infographics and visualisation including image editing tools;

Video story telling and the effective design and use of treatments, storyboards and video editing tools;

Group dialogue; types of dialogue, challenges to effective group dialogue;

Collaborative work. Challenges involved in teamwork and collaboration;

IT and related industry activity and research developments in the local community, and around the globe; ACS`s CBOK, SFIA and their relationship with industry; Career pathways.

Outline professional and ethical responsibilities relating to professional and academic conduct in a globally sustainable world;

Identify authoritative sources and use them in effective verbal and written communication with recognised referencing styles;

Describe approaches involved with group dialogue and collaborative work in diverse contexts;

Describe the Australian Computer Society`s (ACS) Core Body of Knowledge (CBOK)

1||||||

Deliver effective oral presentations to an audience of diverse groups and cultures;

Produce artefacts (letters, reports, emails, social media posts) using text, image, video and bibliographic generation tools consistent with ICT professional norms;

Explain contemporary IT industry practices/presentations related to communication within ICT and relate them to professional standards and your own career aspirations;

Develop the appropriate English language and academic skills to successfully study at an undergraduate level

<p style="margin-left:0cm; margin-right:0cm"><span style="font-size:16px"><span style="font-family:Calibri,sans-serif">This course will develop students` abilities to: communicate effectively using appropriate technology; to manage and organise time; to solve problems related to information and communication technology; and to work independently and within teams. There is a strong focus on professional writing, meeting facilitation and presentation skills. This course will incorporate additional learning hours to support the development of students’ academic and study skills.</span></span></p>

appreciate that learning and self-development are one`s own responsibility;

appreciate that learning and self-development is a lifelong practice.

Recognise the importance of research to the development and progress of the IT industry.

Value IT as an underlying transformative technology to all of society in the information and immersive ages.

Appreciate your career possibilities and how they can be achieved.

Appreciate the range of problems faced by industry practitioners and how problem solving skills learnt may be applied in the industry context.

Appreciate how theory and practice learnt is applied in industry.
